Feature/ciac 9901/jira v3 add delete attachment command (#33315)
demisto/content: Packs/Jira/ReleaseNotes/3_1_11.md

#### Integrations

##### Atlassian Jira v3

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/btfl-soup:1.0.1.89280*.

> - Added a new command ***jira-issue-delete-file*** to delete attached file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new command ***jira-issue-delete-file*** to delete attachment file from an issue.
```
